[DOCS-786] Fixing PHP connect logs and traces (#7035)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/connect_logs_and_traces/php.md

## Automatic Trace ID injection

> PHP’s logging design prevents Datadog PHP tracing library to inject trace and span IDs into your logs automatically. See the section below to learn how to connect your PHP Logs and traces manually.

Reviewer: I would just tweak this wording of the first sentence a bit to make it a bit more technically correct:

> Given that there are many different ways to implement logging in PHP and many implementations completely circumvent PHP's built-in error-logging API, the Datadog PHP tracing library cannot reliably inject trace and span ID's into logs automatically.

It doesn't have to be those words exactly, but something along those lines. :)

> PHP’s logging design prevents Datadog PHP tracing library to inject trace and span IDs into your logs automatically. See the section below to learn how to connect your PHP Logs and traces manually.

Author: ```suggestion
Given the many different ways to implement logging in PHP with some completely circumventing PHP's built-in error-logging API, the Datadog PHP tracing library cannot reliably inject trace and span ID's into logs automatically.
See the section below to learn how to connect your PHP Logs and traces manually.
```

## Automatic Trace ID injection

Given the many different ways to implement logging in PHP with some completely circumventing PHP's built-in error-logging API, the Datadog PHP tracing library cannot reliably inject trace and span ID's into logs automatically.
See the section below to learn how to connect your PHP Logs and traces manually.

## Manual Trace ID injection

To connect your logs and traces together, your logs must contain the `dd.trace_id` and `dd.span_id` attributes that respectively contain your trace ID and your span ID.

> If you are not using a [Datadog Log Integration][1] to parse your logs, a custom log parsing rules need to ensure that `dd.trace_id` and `dd.span_id` are being parsed as strings and remapped thanks to the [Trace Remapper][2]. More information can be found in the [Why can't I see my correlated logs in the Trace ID panel?][3] FAQ.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are not using a [Datadog Log Integration][1] to parse your logs, custom log parsing rules need to ensure that `dd.trace_id` and `dd.span_id` are being parsed as strings and remapped thanks to the [Trace Remapper][2]. More information can be found in the [Why can't I see my correlated logs in the Trace ID panel?][3] FAQ.
```
